Review Managing Configurations by using Ansible for CQA (#4818)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_configuring-ansible-definitions-to-apply-to-hosts.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

> [id="configuring-ansible-definitions-to-apply-to-hosts_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="configuring-ansible-definitions-to-apply-to-hosts"]
```

= Configuring Ansible definitions to apply to hosts

[role="_abstract"]
Configure and organize Ansible definitions in {Project} to control which configurations are available for your hosts.

> Keeping definitions organized helps you apply consistent changes across systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping definitions organized helps you apply consistent changes across your hosts.
```
